1.Explain Embedded Linux Booting Proceess.
2.Explain Deep in Uboot porting
3.suppose in Uboot while porting a log comming "Uncompressing linux"
   which component it will print.
4.Lets for booting you have connected new DDR. So where you need to give configuration setting.
5.Ek fork ma count increment child ma and parent ma chhe and command code ma pan count print kare.
   So output su ave e puchhse
6.You have connected I2C driver and probe fine. How to debug that.
7.Difference between Soft_Irq and tasklets.
8.What thing we can not do in ISR for linux or Embedded.
9.Soft IRQ used for?
10.How you will debug Kernel panic or crash.
11.memory organization ma -: memory related APIs    
    for Ex. IOREMAP , MMAP, badha and details for all from from user to kernel and kernel to peripheral.
12.Main question. You have nothing from Vendor and need to port Linux on Devlopment board.
   how you will port that.
13.Explain How you will write driver from scrach.
14.Suppose you are getting interrupt at any pin of processor. Level trigger or Edge anything.
   How you will make that to interrupt and when that pin receives data 0 or 1 . ISR have to call and do work. What is your approch to design this.
15.How your userspace interact with kernel wrt char driver. 
16.What are the apis you declare for creating driver.
17.Interrupt latency.
18.Defference between const and volatile. Why we use const volatile in Embedded.
19.How kmalloc is working internally.
20.Lets you have 2 I2C driver, In that one device is connected. and one not. So your I2C intialze 2
    times or 1 times. Give specific reason why.
21.Explain Major and Minor Number.
22.If you worked for Camera side than they will ask.
23.Difference between process and thread.
24.What happens if we use mutex in ISR. Why not advisible.
25.Nested spinlock is possible? How?
26.What is critical section of code.
27.What is atomic. How to use that?